New browser install flow (#13902)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/configuration/change-browser-agent-type.mdx

---
title: Change browser agent type
tags:
  - Upgrade your browser agent
  - Change agent types
translate:
  - jp
metaDescription: "Information about the different New Relic browser monitoring agent types (Lite, Pro, or Pro+SPA)."
---

> The browser agent type has no impact on your billing: it is simply a way to switch to a more minimal set of features, if desired. Your default browser type has all browser monitoring features enabled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The browser agent type has no impact on your billing; it is simply a way to switch to a more minimal set of features, if desired. Your default browser type has all browser monitoring features enabled. 
```

To change your browser edition type, go to **[one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > Browser > (select an app) > Settings > Application settings**.

> Here are some comparisons between the different browser agent types: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read on for comparisons between the different browser agent types.
```

      </td>

      <td>

>         This agent version lacks the [features designed for monitoring single page apps](/docs/browser/single-page-app-monitoring/get-started/introduction-single-page-app-monitoring).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This agent version lacks the [features designed for SPA monitoring](/docs/browser/single-page-app-monitoring/get-started/introduction-single-page-app-monitoring).
```

      </td>

      <td>

>         This agent version reports some basic page load timing and browser user information, but lacks many of the more advanced browser monitoring features, and also lacks SPA-monitoring features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This agent version reports some basic page load timing and browser user information, but lacks many of the more advanced browser monitoring features, and also lacks SPA monitoring features.
```
